Updates to user research to add additional information (#145)
alphagov/forms: research/2022-12-05-Autofill_feature.md

> # Autofill Feature Usability Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Usability testing: Autofill Feature
```

> ## 2022-12-05 / Sprint 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2022-12-05 / Sprint 16
```

## Aims

> - To test the usability of the new autocomplete feature, which allows form creators to make questions that can be autocompleted by a form completer's browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To test the usability of the new autocomplete feature, which allows form creators to make questions that can be autocompleted by a form completer’s browser.
```

- To test the usability of new question templates for form creators.

> - To test the usbaility optional questions and list based questions for form creators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To test the usability of ‘optional’ questions and list based questions for form creators.
```
